# Business Model

Refer to [Footnotes](#footnotes) and [Glossary](https://patterns.sociocracy30.org/glossary.html) for terms you are not familiar with.

## Key Drivers

- As a dancer in my city I have lots of groups in Facebook, Whatsap and Telegram. I need a calendar to find events faster.
- As a traveler I can’t find dance events in cities where I travel to. I need contacts of local dancers to discover new events.
- As a dance festival lover, I spend a lot of money for transport and accomodation. I need contacts of co-travelers to share costs.

## Key Deliverables

- **Community**. Find Dancers, Organizers, Venues, Dance Instructors near you.
- **Dance Calendar**. Find dance workshops, parties and festivals near you.
- **Forum**. Discover dance styles guides and history, recommendations, answers to questions.

## Structure

- [Product Circle](/product-circle) to develop a product, that is intuitive and easy to use.
- [Marketing Circle](/marketing-circle) for marketing activities.
- [Community Circle](/community-circle) for community leadership, conflict resolution and networking in dance community.
- [Partnerships Circle](/partnerships-circle) for finding and cultivating relationships with partners, sponsors, and collaborators.
- [Talents Circle](/talents-circle) for recruiting volunteers, identifying and developing the talents of individuals within the organization.
- [Legal Circle](/legal-circle) to take care of finance, budget, contracts, foreseen and preven legal issues.

## Customer Segment

- People who would like to dance
- Dance organizers (dance groups, dance academies, dance studios, dance bars)
- Dance aritsts (dance instructors, musicians, DJs, influencers)

## Early Adopters

- New social dancers in the city.
- New independent dance instructors in the city.
- Dancers who post dance partner and party search requests on Facebook and Whatsapp.

## Unique Value Proposition

- **For You**. Discover best venues and events of the city, based on reviews of people and dance styles you follow.
- **Dance Buddy**. Find a dance partner for a workshop. Let local dancers introduce you to the dance scene.
- **Shared Trips**. Share a ride or accommodation with other dancers for next festival to travel cheaper and with more fun.

## Key Resources and Skills

- **Financial resources**: This could include budget, funding, and revenue streams.
- **Human resources**: This could include the skills and expertise of team members, as well as any specialized training or education they have received.
- **Intellectual property**: This could include patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other forms of intellectual property that the organization owns or has rights to use.
- **Partnerships and collaborations**: This could include relationships with other organizations, individuals, or groups that are important to the organization's work.
- **Reputation**: This could include the organization's brand, image, and reputation in the industry or community.
- **Marketing and communication resources**: This could include marketing materials, social media accounts, and other tools used to reach and communicate with customers and stakeholders.
- **Data and information**: This could include data sets, research, and other information that is important to the organization's work.
- **Technology**: This could include any software, hardware, or other technology that is important to the organization's operations.

## Key Challenges

- Will dancers use WeDance to proactively ask for information and share recommendations?
- Will organizers use WeDance as their main calendar?
- Will artists use WeDance profile as their webpage?

## Marketing Channels

- Flyers at dance venues, events and shops
- Google Search
- YouTube, Spotify

## Key Partners

- Dance organisers, academies and instructors can provide their events.
- Big influencers and mass media can put the spotlight on us and help to grow. Dance bloggers, artists and organisers.
- Dance festivals, academies and venues (bars, restaurants) can recommend us as a provider of upcoming dance events and dance partner search.
- Existing dance calendars and event-platforms can provide a list of existing events.

## Key Values

- **Community-first**: We focus on community and consumer needs.
- **Collaboration**: our projects are defined by collaborative, consensus-based processes, an open, pragmatic software license and a desire to create high quality software that leads the way in its field.
- **Open**: provide support for dance projects and their communities, furthering its mission of providing Open Source software for the public good.

## Our Principles

- **Effectiveness.** Devote time only to what brings you closer toward achieving your objectives.
- **Consent.** Raise, seek out and resolve objections to decisions and actions.
- **Empiricism.** Test all assumptions through experimentation and continuous revision.
- **Continuous Improvement.** Change incrementally to accommodate steady empirical learning.
- **Equivalence.** Involve people in making and evolving decisions that affect them.
- **Transparency.** Make all information accessible to everyone in an organization, unless there is a reason for confidentiality.
- **Accountability.** Respond when something is needed, do what you agreed to do, and take ownership for the course of the organisation.

## Key Metrics

- Amount of accounts created
- Amount of events created
- Total event views count

## Cost Structure

- Technical infrastructure (domain, servers, email services)
- Taxes
- Paid Campaigns
- Legal Advisory

## Revenues Streams

- Payment Fees
- Sponsored content

## Footnotes

1. Structure of this document is [S3 Organization Canvas](https://s3canvas.sociocracy30.org/s3-organization-canvas.html), it is a tool to explore new business models or product ideas, or for communicating existing ones. We used it instead of [Business Model Canvas](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Model_Canvas) to adapt Sociocracy in our organization.
2. [Sociocracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sociocracy) as a form of governance has been referred to since 1851. Subsequently, it has been developed and adapted by many different people and organisations, including [Gerard Endenburg](https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerard_Endenburg), [The Sociocracy Group (TSG)](https://thesociocracygroup.com/) and [Brian Robertson (HolacracyOne)](https://twitter.com/h1brian).
3. "S3" stands for "Sociocracy 3.0". The name “[Sociocracy 3.0](https://sociocracy30.org/)” demonstrates both respect to the lineage and a [significant step forward](https://sociocracy30.org/the-details/why-sociocracy-3-0/).
