# Get Involved

WeDance is a non-profit, run by volunteers and everyone can participate and contribute. We are looking for volunteers in all cities around the world to build and empower local dance communities.

## How can you help?

- Invite your dance friends to local or international community chat on Telegram.
- Share your dancer profile poster on your social media.
- Put link to your profile as your website in your Instagram.
- Mention us on Instagram, Facebook, Telegram, when you share your dancing videos or event announcements – we will repost and help you to connect with other dancers.
- Share links to local dance groups and upcoming events in local chat.
- Help us to produce regular podcasts and YouTube interviews with dance instructors, DJs and dancers. Be our guest or help with preparation.
- Join team in your city and help them to maintain local dance calendar, run social media accounts, moderate chat, talk to local organisers, work with volunteers and make local community stronger.
- Discover other initiatives or suggest your own in our Slack, where all volunteers meet together.

## What’s in it for you?

- Experience startup feeling and how is it to be an entrepreneur.
- Discover your true self and your potential by teaming up with people who share same values and principles.
- Level up your career: learn how to facilitate effective team meetings, how to pitch even crazy ideas to anyone, how to get a group of people to see decide what to do. Constantly learning new things via courses and certifications.
- Learn innovative management practices with no bosses and hierarchy. Flat organisation structure, where every member can influence the strategy of the organization.
- Get recommendations and endorsements from your peers.
- Get listed as a contributor on our page.
- Get visible on Github, LinkedIn, Stackoverflow, Instagram, Facebook, Telegram, Twitter, TikTok and Youtube.
- VIP parties with top dancers and DJs, special offers for dance master classes, workshops and festivals. Have friends around the world who are happy to introduce you to local culture.

## Get Involved

We share our experience and provide you all necessary tools to start a dance community in your city. Everyone who joined us is interested in learning to work effectively together in a team and getting additional practical experience.

We build a community, where everyone enters with mindset “I can help”, so whenever you need help you can count on it. We are one big family worldwide. We help each other.

Let’s build WeDance together!

[Join on Slack](https://wedance.vip/slack)

## Open Positions

<script
    data-startup="wedance"
    src="https://angel.co/javascripts/embed_jobs.js"
    id="angellist_embed"
    async
  ></script>

<w-teaser
title="Get Involved"
description="We build a community, where everyone enters with mindset “I can help”, so whenever you need help you can count on it. We are one big family worldwide. We help each other."
button="Join on Slack"
href="https://wedance.vip/slack"></w-teaser>
